Today we're here to show you some of the how
to's on BMX riding. One of the very, one of
the most important things to me in in the
world of bike riding is is rhythm. Rhythm
is a key element towards riding properly in
dirt jumps. So here, let me give you a demonstration
on rhythm.
Okay, so like I was saying, rhythm is one
of the most important things when it comes
to bike riding. Rhythm's similar to music;
you want to have a nice steady pace. Everything
needs to be real similar, every jump. The
first element towards rhythm is finding a
rhythm section. Here at Ninth Street, we have
the perfect rhythm section. It's not too big,
not too small; the perfect size jumps. There's
a little bit, it's a little bit more difficult
to get over, but once you do you feel it,
you feel the great rhythm that it has. So,
you want to find the right speed. Clearing
the first jump is everything. Once you've
cleared the first jump, you want to land as
perfect as you can on that landing. Once you've
got both tires on the landing, you want to
come towards the bottom of the landing with
all your weight, forcing all your weight towards
the ground in the middle of the pits. The
pits are in between each jump. Now, once you've
gotten to the bottom, you want to pull everything
back up, and jump the next jump. Most rhythm
sections are built to be used the way they
are. You're going to, if you clear the first
one, you're definitely going to clear the
second one. If you clear the second one, it's
going to go, so on. Now once again, the importance
of rhythm sections are if you get the rhythm
down, then you move the tricks towards the
rhythm section. Tricks and the rhythm section
are always so good. And that's basically the
elements to rhythm. Hopefully, you guys can
try it, and get a feel for it for yourselves.
But like I said, it's one of my favorite things
in bike riding. I wouldn't ride bikes if it
didn't have rhythm.